forty years ago I created a suit but it
was dangerous so I hid it from the world
my assist Darren cross they became
obsessed with recreating my formula if
this technology gets out it's gonna be
chaos Scott this is your chance to
become a hero I need you to be the head
man
I think our first move should be calling
the Avengers this suit has power this is
not some cute technology like the Iron
Man suit we tune when you're small and
have superhuman strength you like the
bullet
so you need to know how to punch you
don't show me I know punch show me how
to play that's how you punch
did you think you can stop the future
you're just a face
No
I'm ant-man I know wasn't my idea
there's no reason to be scared oh no no
daddy don't get scared
good how'd you do that bro don't freak
out look at your shoulder